README.md, before:

The cross-browser filter of value of the text input element on your web page using JavaScript language. You can filter the value as an integer number, a float number, or write a custom filter, such as a phone number filter.

Example: <a href='https://googledrive.com/host/0B5hS0tFSGjBZfkhKS1VobnFDTkJKR0tVamxadmlvTmItQ2pxVWR0WDZPdHZxM2hzS1J3ejQ/InputKeyFilter/' target="_blank">Input Key Filter</a>.

## My filter successfully tested on browsers:

IE6 and IE8. No beep: 'Audio' is undefined. See http://caniuse.com/#feat=audio for details

IE11

Chrome 43

Opera 30

Safari 5.1.7

FireFox 39. The "focus out" event is not fires.


The "key press" event is not fires in Android if you press a russian letter. see http://stackoverflow.com/questions/9302986/no-keypress-events-for-certain-keys-in-android-browser

Android 5.0 Chrome.

Android 5.0 Internet in Samsung Galaxy S5. The "key press" event is not fires.

Android 2.3.6. The "focus out" event is not fires.


Opera in Windows Phone. The "focus out" event is not fires. No beep.

IE in Windows Phone. No beep.

## Have a job for me?
Please read <a href='https://googledrive.com/host/0B5hS0tFSGjBZfkhKS1VobnFDTkJKR0tVamxadmlvTmItQ2pxVWR0WDZPdHZxM2hzS1J3ejQ/AboutMe/' target="_blank">About Me</a>.

Commit message:

beep(). onblur
1. The beep() function works in FireFox.
2. I have changed onfocusout event to onblur for compatibility with
FireFox.

README.md, after:

The cross-browser filter of value of the text input element on your web page using JavaScript language. You can filter the value as an integer number, a float number, or write a custom filter, such as a phone number filter.

Example: <a href='https://googledrive.com/host/0B5hS0tFSGjBZfkhKS1VobnFDTkJKR0tVamxadmlvTmItQ2pxVWR0WDZPdHZxM2hzS1J3ejQ/InputKeyFilter/' target="_blank">Input Key Filter</a>.

## My filter successfully tested on browsers:

IE6 and IE8. No beep: 'Audio' is undefined. See http://caniuse.com/#feat=audio for details

IE11

Chrome 43

Opera 30

Safari 5.1.7

FireFox 39. Calling this.blur() in onfocus handler or this.focus() in an onblur handler do not work. https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=53579


The "key press" event is not fires in Android if you press a russian letter. see http://stackoverflow.com/questions/9302986/no-keypress-events-for-certain-keys-in-android-browser

Android 5.0 Chrome.

Android 5.0 Internet in Samsung Galaxy S5. The "key press" event is not fires.

Android 2.3.6


Opera in Windows Phone. No beep. Calling this.blur() in onfocus handler or this.focus() in an onblur handler do not work. https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=53579

IE in Windows Phone. No beep.

## Have a job for me?
Please read <a href='https://googledrive.com/host/0B5hS0tFSGjBZfkhKS1VobnFDTkJKR0tVamxadmlvTmItQ2pxVWR0WDZPdHZxM2hzS1J3ejQ/AboutMe/' target="_blank">About Me</a>.
